now ladies and gentlemen expect around one
Now they also want to build the highway
with a toll on 31
July is in Munich I introduce him to a little friend
Ehinger the socialists
this little man the Riester pull the Irish
this money is now way that way
this small chamber is around 30 euros
What is your name
since then not in the end
we want to welcome the guests
I did not think it was that important
Do I called the EU to tenth pass on that goes that way
I enjoy the ladies
and
I am rarely all corpses
if now they all had married and not the idea
I'm getting close to problems
the first
I am very happy in Carinthia and he has it
i want the sly and through
I wish you all the best for the winners
and of course valid
gloss over all
and which are not authorized
yes this little guy Beijing always unclear
Bricklayer until 20
that means your parents mother was 18
and your father
in other words his father has nothing to do with mother Jule
that is not possible thought
the offered